hello that such friends my name is the
Gentle and this is an introductory video
about a project he had in
mind a long time ago and that finally
I have decided to make this project what
I called how to create a little machine
recreational cadiz from scratch
the little machine that we are going to assemble will be
type I separate this what does it mean that
It will be of reduced size giving us this way the
advantage of being able to transport it to almost
any part of the home
This is a little machine that I made
weather
and it's the one we 're going to ride in this
tutorial
now I will put a video
of this machine is in operation
although how could they realize it does
a moment in the video that is finished
of showing was running several
videogames of different consoles in the
tutorial I'm going to do to build
this little machine tries to put around
about 2 thousand sets more or less with their
respective images and if I have time
when he also the videos the project
will be directed for everyone without
exception and for those who love
video games so much better not because
have a little machine at home
It is great and much more if the factory
is yourself
I will try to cover everything absolutely
from cutting the wood the plates of
wood to be able to form the drawer itself
or the little machine
and configure the components of the
hardware the levers buttons the
wired system configuration
operational the front end and finally the
simulators with all the respective
games
before starting with this subject itself
I remind you that all the information that
I have compiled to do this tutorial
I have taken it from several pages of
internet but especially I'm going to name
two of them that are most us
has helped these pages are retro vice
heretic point
because they can see it
and they are arcade dotcom
in those two pages you can find
a lot of information to make
you yourself a little machine at very high
level
I have reached the end of this my first
video I hope all have been left
clear any doubt or suggestion
please in the comments and do not forget
to subscribe so we benefit
all of you so that you can be at
of all the videos that go
going up and he helps me a lot so
keep growing and have more encouragement to
keep uploading good tutorials with me
it will be until the next video I am the
hendry and until next time